doc: release notes for v14.2.6 (#32551)
ceph/ceph: doc/releases/nautilus.rst

v14.2.6 Nautilus
================

This is the sixth release of the Ceph Nautilus release series. This is a hotfix

> release primarily fixing a regression introduced in v14.2.5, all nautilus users are advised to upgrade to this release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
release primarily fixing a regression introduced in v14.2.5, all nautilus users are advised to upgrade to this release.
```

Notable Changes
---------------

> * This release fixes a `ceph-mgr bug that caused mgr becoming unresponsive on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This release fixes a ``ceph-mgr`` bug that caused it to become unresponsive on
```

Author: updated tnx
